docs: mcp integration (#6986)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/Integrations/integrations-mcp.md

---
title: MCP (Model context protocol)
slug: /integrations-mcp
---

# Integrate Langflow with MCP

Langflow integrates with the [Model Context Protocol (MCP)](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/introduction). This allows you to use your Langflow flows as tools in other applications that support the MCP protocol, or extend Langflow with the [MCP stdio component](/components-tools#mcp-tools-stdio) to access MCP servers.

* Access all of your flows as tools from Claude Desktop
* Connect a [Datastax Astra DB MCP server](https://github.com/datastax/astra-db-mcp) to Cursor
* Connect a [Datastax Astra DB MCP server](https://github.com/datastax/astra-db-mcp) to Langflow

This guide will show you how to use Langflow as an MCP server with Claude Desktop as the client.

## Access all of your flows as tools from Claude Desktop

> The MCP server configuration is added to Claude, which can then access all of your flows as tools with the MCP protocol.

Reviewer: "is added to Claude" - this implies an action that is done automatically for the user, but I don't think that's the case. Please clarify.

### Prerequisites

> * [Claude desktop](https://claude.ai/download) installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Claude desktop](https://claude.ai/download) is installed.
```

> * [uv installed](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/getting-started/installation/) to run uvx commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [uv is installed](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/getting-started/installation/) to enable you to run uvx commands.
```

### Add Langflow as an MCP server to Claude

> 1. Create at least one flow, and note your host, for example, `http://127.0.0.1:7863`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create at least one flow, and note your host. For example, `http://127.0.0.1:7863`.
```

> 2. Open Claude Desktop. Go to **Settings** > **Developer** > **Edit Config**.

Reviewer: Avoid documenting the steps for a 3rd-party app. Provide general guidance and link to that product's docs.

This opens `claude_desktop_config.json`, which describes to Claude what MCP servers are available.
3. Add the following code to  `claude_desktop_config.json`.
Your args may differ for your `uvx` and `Python` installations.

```json
{
 "mcpServers": {
     "langflow": {
         "command": "/bin/sh",
         "args": ["-c", "/opt/homebrew/bin/uvx --python /usr/bin/python3 mcp-sse-shim@latest"],
         "env": {
             "MCP_HOST": "http://127.0.0.1:7864",
             "DEBUG": "true"
         }
     }
  }
}
```

This code adds a new MCP server called `langflow` and starts the [mcp-sse-shim](https://github.com/phact/mcp-sse-shim) package using the specified Python interpreter and uvx.

4. Restart Claude.
Your new tools are available in your chat window. Click the tools icon to see a list of your flows.

You can now use your flows as tools in Claude Desktop.

## Connect an Astra DB MCP server to Cursor

Add the [Datastax Astra DB MCP server](https://github.com/datastax/astra-db-mcp) to Cursor to perform operations on your Astra database.

### Prerequisites

> * [Cursor](https://cursor.com) installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Cursor](https://cursor.com) is installed.
```

> * [An Astra DB vector database](https://docs.datastax.com/en/astra-db-serverless/get-started/quickstart.html) with an **Astra DB API endpoint** and **Astra DB application token**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have [an Astra DB vector database](https://docs.datastax.com/en/astra-db-serverless/get-started/quickstart.html) with an **Astra DB API endpoint** and **Astra DB application token**
```

### Add Astra DB as an MCP server in Cursor

1. Open Cursor. Go to **Cursor** > **Settings** > **Features** > **MCP Servers**.

> 2. Click **Add new MCP server**.

Reviewer: You're documenting steps within the Cursor UI, which could change at any time. We try to avoid documenting exact steps within 3rd-party apps. Suggest providing general guidance and linking to the relevant Cursor docs.

---
title: Integrate Langflow with MCP (Model context protocol)
slug: /integrations-mcp
---

> Langflow integrates with the [Model Context Protocol (MCP)](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/introduction). This allows you to use your Langflow flows as tools in other applications that support the MCP protocol, or extend Langflow with the [MCP stdio component](/components-tools#mcp-tools-stdio) to access MCP servers.

Reviewer 2: > other applications that support the MCP protocol

I think we want to say "in any MCP client" or "other applications tha timplement the MCP client spec"

* Access all of your flows as tools from Claude Desktop
* Connect a [Datastax Astra DB MCP server](https://github.com/datastax/astra-db-mcp) to Langflow

This guide shows you how to use Langflow as an MCP server with Claude Desktop as the client.

## Access all of your flows as tools from Claude Desktop

Add your Langflow MCP server configuration to Claude, so it can access all of your flows as tools with the MCP protocol.

### Prerequisites

* [Claude desktop](https://claude.ai/download) is installed.
* [uv is installed](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/getting-started/installation/) to enable you to run uvx commands.

### Add Langflow as an MCP server to Claude

> 1. Create at least one flow, and note your host. For example, `http://127.0.0.1:7863`.

Reviewer 2: has anyone tested this with ds langflow?
if not, I wouldn't block this PR on that but maybe do a fast follow?

Author: Not the two tasks in this doc. I've made a ticket and i'll do it

2. Open Claude for Desktop, and then go to the program settings.
For example, on the MacOS menu bar, click **Claude**, and then select **Settings**.
3. In the **Settings** dialog, click **Developer**, and then click **Edit Config**.
This creates a `claude_desktop_config.json` file if you don't already have one.
4. Add the following code to `claude_desktop_config.json`.
Your args may differ for your `uvx` and `Python` installations.

```json
{
 "mcpServers": {
     "langflow": {
         "command": "/bin/sh",

>          "args": ["-c", "/opt/homebrew/bin/uvx --python /usr/bin/python3 mcp-sse-shim@latest"],

Reviewer 2: /opt/homebrew seems to specific to osx and your particular setup

Reviewer 2: same with /usr/bin/python3

Author: Added instructions to use `which` to fill in the value

Langflow integrates with the [Model Context Protocol (MCP)](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/introduction). This allows you to use your Langflow flows as tools in other applications that support the MCP protocol, or extend Langflow with the [MCP stdio component](/components-tools#mcp-tools-stdio) to access MCP servers.

You can use Langflow as an MCP server with any [MCP client](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/clients), but this guide presents two ways to interact with the MCP protocol:

* Access all of your flows as tools from [Claude desktop](https://claude.ai/download)
* Use the [MCP stdio component](/components-tools#mcp-tools-stdio) to connect Langflow to a [Datastax Astra DB MCP server](https://github.com/datastax/astra-db-mcp)

## Access all of your flows as tools from Claude Desktop

Add your Langflow MCP server configuration to [Claude desktop](https://claude.ai/download), so it can access all of your flows as tools with the MCP protocol.

### Prerequisites

* [Claude desktop](https://claude.ai/download) is installed.
* [uv is installed](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/getting-started/installation/) to enable you to run uvx commands.

### Add Langflow as an MCP server to Claude

> 1. Create at least one flow, and note your host. For example, `http://127.0.0.1:7863`.

Reviewer 3: Some additional content you may want to add:

* Node.js is a prerequisite for Claude Desktop to run MCP servers. Tejas said an LTS version is sufficient.
* You may want to link to the [MCP Claude Desktop docs](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/quickstart/user). This page has the config file path for Windows, more info about the config file, troubleshooting tips, and more details about using MCP tools in Claude chat.

2. Open Claude for Desktop, and then go to the program settings.
For example, on the MacOS menu bar, click **Claude**, and then select **Settings**.
3. In the **Settings** dialog, click **Developer**, and then click **Edit Config**.
This creates a `claude_desktop_config.json` file if you don't already have one.
4. Add the following code to `claude_desktop_config.json`.
Your args may differ for your `uvx` and `Python` installations. To find the correct paths:

   * For `uvx`: Run `which uvx` in your terminal
   * For Python: Run `which python` in your terminal

Replace `/path/to/uvx` and `/path/to/python` with the paths from your system:

```json
{
 "mcpServers": {
     "langflow": {
         "command": "/bin/sh",
         "args": ["-c", "/path/to/uvx --python /path/to/python mcp-sse-shim@latest"],
         "env": {
             "MCP_HOST": "http://127.0.0.1:7864",
             "DEBUG": "true"
         }
     }
  }
}
```

This code adds a new MCP server called `langflow` and starts the [mcp-sse-shim](https://github.com/phact/mcp-sse-shim) package using the specified Python interpreter and uvx.

> 5. Restart Claude for Desktop.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
5. Restart Claude Desktop.
```

Just noting an inconsistency here. There are others I didn't comment on because I'm not sure which name you want to go with.

> Your new tools are available in your chat window. Click the tools icon to see a list of your flows.

Reviewer 3: You may want to add context that Claude determines when a tool is needed based on your queries.

https://modelcontextprotocol.io/quickstart/user#4-try-it-out

You can now use your flows as tools in Claude Desktop.

## Connect an Astra DB MCP server to Langflow

> Use the Astra DB MCP server to connect to Astra DB from Langflow.
> 
> ### Prerequisites
> 
> * [An OpenAI API key](https://platform.openai.com/)
> * [An Astra DB vector database](https://docs.datastax.com/en/astra-db-serverless/get-started/quickstart.html) with an **Astra DB API endpoint** and **Astra DB application token**
> 
> ### Add an Astra DB MCP server to Langflow
> 
> 1. Add your **Astra DB application token** and **Astra API endpoint** to Langflow as [global variables](/configuration-global-variables).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

1. Create an [OpenAI](https://platform.openai.com/) API key.
2. Create an [Astra DB Serverless (Vector) database](https://docs.datastax.com/en/astra-db-serverless/databases/create-database.html#create-vector-database), if you don't already have one.
3. Get your database's **Astra DB API endpoint** and an **Astra DB application token** with the Database Administrator role. For more information, see [Generate an application token for a database](https://docs.datastax.com/en/astra-db-serverless/administration/manage-application-tokens.html#database-token).
4. Add your **Astra DB application token** and **Astra API endpoint** to Langflow as [global variables](/configuration-global-variables).
```

Suggestion with more useful links than the quickstart.

2. Create a [Simple agent starter project](/starter-projects-simple-agent).
3. Remove the **URL** tool and replace it with an **MCP stdio** component.
The flow should look like this:
![MCP stdio component](/img/mcp-stdio-component.png)
4. In the **MCP stdio** component, in the **MCP command** field, add the following code:

```plain
npx -y @datastax/astra-db-mcp
```

5. In the **Agent** component, add your **OpenAI API key**.
6. Open the **Playground**.

> Since your Langflow is now connected to Astra DB through the MCP protocol, you can use it to create, read, update, and delete data from Astra DB.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Langflow is now connected to your Astra DB database through the MCP.
You can use the MCP to create, read, update, and delete data from your database.
```

Some things you may want to add:

* Link to the astra-db-mcp README, which lists the tools
* Explain that the tools are activated thru natural-language queries in the chat.
* If they want to connect to a different database, they have to change the endpoint/token variables.
